wie
Let us take a look back chwinamul herb sauce and stir today
To top off the storage, first of all, put the lid on the boiling water for 5 minutes
Rewind
Then rinse thoroughly in cold water and squeeze the juice thoroughly.
Slice it.
Moisten and put salt water in Silla perilla sesame soy sauce evenly
Finally, in the bowl,
Fried noodles are finished when the fried noodles are finished. First, the dried fried noodles are boiled in water
Boil for about 10 minutes, turn off the heat, boil for about 30 minutes, soak in cold water for one hour
More
Then, squeeze the juice and cut it to a good size.
Put the edible herb and perilla oil in the pan , fry the fried food , add the soy sauce and salt.
Evenly Poppy 1
Stir fry season
Today's duck with pickles and stir fry
Discover grab a delicious taste of the family
Would it still have been wrong to 0 shares
It's easy to write .
Look at me. First off, then I'll be fine.
This is not only the bread turn meokgetji today
For water, oil, Beginner watching dance also cracked but it 's getting knots Co.
U
Thank you.
Too 5
Just now,
Just a tree
Eating that feeling is not very like that, nor will it give you the oil
How you can fry me something to do at some concentration, but the amount of water Schedule
I think.
It looks like it's a big deal.
When we were sold to what I used to say,
The same question
I mean.
Shopping in the Market
U think about you
5 find 4 woo woo
Sometimes when I saw some evil gold brass
When you accumulate, you become obese.
I 'm on it.
So when it's a little easier to do a partial restoration to Bob
That's got to have this life, I'm a little bit miso awesome, as the growth in the taste
Let me go.
Yeah, do something .
Daughter casserole sauce takes more than growing up in today's language, and Hadong and stir again
I told you how to do it this year.
De Bale makes sense really looking forward
4 I 'll go overseas and I 'll be blackened
Thank you
Next time you will meet your brother's green tea and pork pork to make the perfect taste.
Achieved
Add spicy seasoning and stir-fry green tea pork
2 3 Dad made with green tea , please chop the cold crisp green tea